VONK-2696: added SQL server guidelines to documentation (#20)
FirelyTeam/firely-docs-firely-server: performance/sqlserver/disk_configuration.rst

Disk Configuration
==================

When optimizing SQL Server it is highly recommended to set the tempDB, the data disk and the log disk on seperate drives (preferably SSDs) [#]_. 

TempDB
------

> Place the tempDB database on a separate disk. The number of secondary data files depends on the number of (logical) processors on the machine [#]_. As a general rule, if the number of logical processors is less than or equal to eight, use the same number of data files as logical processors. If the number of logical processors is greater than eight, use eight data files. Then if contention continues, increase the number of data files by multiples of four until the contention decreases to acceptable levels, or make changes to the workload/code. For TempDB it usually is sufficient to create 8 equally sized data files. 

Reviewer: Very interesting paragraph! Let's make the first part a bit more accessible for tired readers: 

```suggestion
Place the tempDB database on a separate disk and adjust the number of secondary data files according to how many (logical) processors the host features. Here is a general rule of thumb: 

- Number of logical processors <= 8 
-> Set the number of data files equal to the number of logical processors
- Number of logical processors > 8
-> Set the number of data files to 8
```

(The rest is perfect)

Author: I Hope you agree with my compromise ;-)
